New: Gantt - Export and Work Time Rules[duda] (#160)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-web/articles/gantt/export-to-pdf.md

---
title: Export to PDF
---
# Export to PDF

Specify export settings in the "Export Settings" window:

{|
|-
! Parameter
! Description
|-

| Document Format

> | Specifies a format for an export document's pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies the format of the exported document's pages.
```

|-

| Landscape Orientation

> | Specifies an export document's orientation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies the exported document's orientation.
```

|-

| Export Mode

> | Specifies regions of the component to export:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies parts of the component to export:
```

* All - Exports the entire component.
* Chart - Exports the component's chart area.
* Tree List - Exports the component's table area.
|-

| Date Range

> | Specifies an export range mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies the export range mode:
```

* All - Exports all data.
* Visible - Exports only visible data.

> * Custom - Exports data from a manually specified range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Custom - Exports data from the specified range.
```

|-

| Start Task (Index)
| Specifies a start task's index.
|-

| End Task (Index)
| Specifies an end task's index.
|-

| Start Date

> | Specifies a start date of a time interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies the start date of a time interval.
```

|-

| End Date

> | Specifies an end date of a time interval. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specifies the end date of a time interval. 
```

A time interval can only have one start/end date

|}

> Click "Export" to export Gantt data to a **PDF** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click "Export" to export Gantt data as a **PDF** file.
```
